To open the Product Life Cycle (PLC) ontologies in an ontology editor, such as Protege or TopBraid, 
you will require access to the ontologies that import them: namely, 
Basic Formal Ontology (BFO), the Relations Ontology (RO), and the Common Core Ontologies (CCO).

A compatible release of BFO, RO, and the latest release of the CCO files may be found here:
https://github.com/CommonCoreOntology/CommonCoreOntologies

We recommend downloading all of these files (along with those in the PLC) to a single folder on your hard-drive 
shared with the PLC files prior to opening, as importing them from their URLs online has been a known problem.

Note that the 'AllCoreOntology.ttl' file in the CCO suite will import all of the CCO, and is 
useful for viewing all of the CCO and BFO independently.

---------------------------------
Troubleshooting:

Recently, some users have had trouble with Protege timing out while opening the files. If you experience this problem,
take the following steps:
1. Place all files in a common folder.
2. Delete any previously existing 'catalog.xml' in the folder.
3. Disconnect from the internet. [This will prevent the OWL API from requesting a package]
4. Open the 'allcore' file from your local drive. Protege will then ask you to specify the location of the importing ontologies.

Once you have located all the imported ontologies, the file should open properly. You can confirm this by 
proceding to the class hierarchy, where you should see the BFO hierarchy properly in place.

If the file does open properly, you should not be required to specify the location of the importing ontologies every time
you open the file, because Protege will re-create the catalog.xml file specifying the location of them. However, if 
this file is deleted or the location of the files moved, you will need to repeat this process. 


